What can you do?|I can answear to a list of question about URP, Educational System, Artificial Intelligence technologies and the Phylosophy of Ethics.
How should I form my question?|Look, this is an example of question trained to answer: “How URP is done?” or “What are the main components of an AI system?”
What URP stand for?|URP stand for Undergraduate Research Project.
What is URP ?|Undergraduate Research Project is a academical investigation usually made with the purpose to enrich student experience.
What is the URP subject ?|Ethical usage of Artificial Intelligence in Education.
What is Education System?|Education System can be defined as a structure of what we do in society to ensure a bright future.
How is education performed?|Usually, education is done by following a curriculum and is based into frameworks like public or private schools.
Why education is important?|Main reason of education for humans is to develop into future, in society education have implications for better critical thinking, collaboration skills and problem solving.  
How educational system can be improved?|Principal way of improvement is practice and perseverance; due to this, certain skills must be developed for educational improvement such as patience and understanding.
Who discovered Artificial Intelligence?|First usage of term “Artificial Intelligence” come from Alan Turing paperwork called ”Computer Machinery and Intelligence”.
What is the current state of Artificial Intelligence?|Artificial Intelligence is still a young computer artifact, in 2018 being adopted by 47% of large companies. 
Why is Artificial Intelligence developed?|As being developed, AI enhance and develop further the speed, precision, and effectiveness of human efforts.
Is Artificial Intelligence harmful ?|Ai technologies have the ability to perpetuate biased data witch lead to a multitude of concerns. 
What are the benefits of Artificial Intelligence?|AI benefits complete what humans lack, which are automations, effectiveness, and processing speed.
What is Ethics?|Ethics are moral principles that govern a person behavior.
Why Ethic is important?|Ethics is what guide us to tell the truth, keep promises, or help someone in need. 
